SUBSCRIBE_TRACKS Parameters copied to PUBLISH (#1788)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

a subscriber.  It is useful for subscribers that are
only interested in or authorized to access a subset of available tracks.

### Parameters on SUBSCRIBE_TRACKS

Any Parameter that can be specified on a Subscription (ie: in SUBSCRIBE) is valid
in SUBSCRIBE_TRACKS, unless otherwise specified. These parameters are copied
over as the default Subscription parameters when a PUBLISH is sent as a result of
SUBSCRIBE_TRACKS. The Parmeters MUST still be included with the resulting PUBLISHes

> to ensure there is no ambiguity about the state of the Subscription.

Reviewer: This is strange, because a bunch of those parameters are not valid in PUBLISH (eg SUBSCRIBER_PRIORITY).

Author: Good point on Subscriber Priority. Which other ones aren't valid?

Also see #1790

Reviewer: SUBSCRIPTION_FILTER
SUBSCRIBER_PRIORITY
*_DELIVERY_TIMEOUT
NEW_GROUP_REQUEST
RENDEZVOUS_TIMEOUT (though it doesn't make any sense in sub_tracks)

We just changed GROUP_ORDER to be allowed in #1777, but didn't update the "allowed messages".

AUTH_TOKEN is also nonsensical.

Author: I think we want to allow the Publisher to update the SUBSCRIPTION_FILTER for Switch/DTS/etc so it can communicate when the Subscription now ends.

Wouldn't RENDEZVOUS_TIMEOUT potentially make sense if we want to join any ongoing tracks at the current or a recent Group?  In which case, we'd put a Fill filter in the SUB_TRACKS.

Putting NGR in SUB_TRACKS seems odd, so maybe that shouldn't be allowed?

a subscriber.  It is useful for subscribers that are
only interested in or authorized to access a subset of available tracks.

### Parameters on SUBSCRIBE_TRACKS

Any Parameter that can be specified on a Subscription (ie: in SUBSCRIBE) is valid

> in SUBSCRIBE_TRACKS, unless otherwise specified. These parameters are copied
> over as the default Subscription parameters when a PUBLISH is sent as a result of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in SUBSCRIBE_TRACKS, unless otherwise specified. These parameters are used by
the publisher as the initial Subscription parameters when a PUBLISH is sent as a result of
```

Author: See #1815
